Docs/SPE 260: update and reorganize telemetry metric references (#21965)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/quota/rate_limit/violation.mdx

### vault.quota.rate_limit.violation ((#vault-quota-rate_limit-violation))

Metric type | Value   | Description
----------- | ------- | -----------

> counter     | number  | Number of lease rate limit violations for the named quota rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
counter     | number  | Number of requests rejected due to exceeding the named rate limit quota rule
```
